What does Boss Zhou mean?
You already knew
Xu Shiyang is my woman
Don't be crazy.
When did Boss Zhou worry so much about gains and losses?
Why are you afraid that I will rob you?
Then there's nothing to be afraid of
It's just your behavior today
What does it represent?
Xu Shiyang is indeed different from the Yingying Yanyan I met
Beautiful and intelligent
And a sense of justice
It is really rare for a girl like him to have three views
I'm talking to you about serious business
I'm not kidding.
Ah Qing
I'm serious too
I like him.
I like it very much.
What's the use of you liking him?
Isn't he just playing with you?
Who said I was just playing around with him?
Akin
You know very well that you will not get results
What you can't give
I can give what I can't give him, why do you give it?
Don't forget that you are also Di Sun of the ship king
What kind of ship king Di Sun, I'm tired of it long ago
No matter what I have achieved over the years
Can't get rid of the title of Ship King Di Sun
But things are different.
He understands I understand you
You've only met twice
It's enough to see the right person once
Not to mention twice
Gone
We also met twice
Why doesn't he understand me?